## Trigonometric functions
**Trigonometric functions** is one of the basic Elementary function, which takes the angle (the most commonly used radian system in mathematics, the same below) as the independent variable, and the coordinate or ratio of the intersection point of the angle corresponding to the end edge of any angle and the Unit circle as the dependent variable. It can also be equivalently defined by the length of various line segments related to the Unit circle. Trigonometric functions plays an important role in studying the properties of geometric shapes such as triangles and circles, and is also a basic mathematical tool for studying periodic phenomena. In Mathematical analysis, Trigonometric functions is also defined as the solution of infinite series or specific differential equation, allowing their values to be extended to any real value, even complex value.

Common Trigonometric functions include sine function, cosine function and tangent function. Other Trigonometric functions such as cotangent function, secant function, cosecant function, vector function, cosector function, Haversine function, half cosector function will also be used in navigation, Topography, engineering and other disciplines. The relationship between different Trigonometric functions can be obtained through geometric intuition or calculation, which is called trigonometric identity.

Trigonometric functions is generally used to calculate the unknown length and angle of a triangle. In addition, Trigonometric functions can be used as a template to define a class of similar functions, called Hyperbolic functions. The common Hyperbolic functions is also called hyperbolic sine function, hyperbolic cosine function and so on. Trigonometric functions (also called circular function) is a function of angle; They are important in studying triangle and modeling periodic phenomena, as well as in many other applications. Trigonometric functions is usually defined as the ratio of two sides of a Right triangle containing this angle, or equivalent to the length of various line segments on the Unit circle. More modern definitions express them as infinite series or solutions to specific differential equations, allowing them to extend to any positive and negative numerical values, even complex values.

See: [Baidu Baike](https://baike.baidu.com/item/%E4%B8%89%E8%A7%92%E5%87%BD%E6%95%B0/1652457)
